Corn Maze
=========

This past fall, Farmer John took the cows to visit a corn maze. But
this wasn't just any corn maze: it featured several gravity-powered
teleporter slides, which cause cows to teleport instantly from one
point in the maze to another. The slides work in both directions:
a cow can slide from the slide's start to the end instantly, or
from the end to the start. If a cow steps on a space that hosts
either end of a slide, she must use the slide. The outside of the 
corn maze is entirely corn except for a single exit.

The maze can be represented by an N x M (2 <= N <= 300; 2 <= M
<= 300) grid. Each grid element contains one of these items:

   * Corn (corn grid elements are impassable)
   * Grass (easy to pass through!)
   * A slide endpoint (which will transport a cow to the other
     endpoint)
   * The exit

A cow can only move from one space to the next if they are adjacent
and neither contains corn. Each grassy space has four potential
neighbors to which a cow can travel. It takes 1 unit of time to
move from a grassy space to an adjacent space; it takes 0 units of
time to move from one slide endpoint to the other.

Corn-filled spaces are denoted with an octothorpe (#). Grassy spaces
are denoted with a period (.). Pairs of slide endpoints are denoted
with the same uppercase letter (A-Z), and no two different slides
have endpoints denoted with the same letter. The exit is denoted
with the equals sign (=).

Bessie got lost. She knows where she is on the grid, and marked her
current grassy space with the 'at' symbol (@). What is the minimum
time she needs to move to the exit space?

Consider the following grid, with N=5 and M=6:

            ###=##
            #.W.##
            #.####
            #.@W##
            ######

A single slide has endpoints denoted by an uppercase W. Her optimal
strategy is to move right to the slide endpoint in 1 time, take the
slide in 0 time to the other endpoint, and move right and up in 2
more time to end on the exit.  This requires a total of 3 time, the
minimum.

PROBLEM NAME: cornmaze

INPUT FORMAT:

* Line 1: Two space separated integers: N and M

* Lines 2..N+1: Line i+1 describes row i of the maze: M characters (no
        spaces)

SAMPLE INPUT:

5 6
###=##
#.W.##
#.####
#.@W##
######

OUTPUT FORMAT:

* Line 1: An integer, corresponding to the shortest time that Bessie
        needs to exit the maze.

SAMPLE OUTPUT:

3