Switching on the Lights
=======================

Farmer John has recently built an enormous barn consisting of an 
N x N grid of rooms (2 <= N <= 100), numbered from (1,1) up to (N,N). 
Being somewhat afraid of the dark, Bessie the cow wants to turn on 
the lights in as many rooms as possible.

Bessie starts in room (1,1), the only room that is initially lit. 
In some rooms, she will find light switches that she can use to 
toggle the lights in other rooms; for example there might be a 
switch in room (1,1) that toggles the lights in room (1,2). Bessie 
can only travel through lit rooms, and she can only move from a 
room (x,y) to its four adjacent neighbors (x-1,y), (x+1,y), (x,y-1) 
and (x,y+1) (or possibly fewer neighbors if this room is on the 
boundary of the grid).

Please determine the maximum number of rooms Bessie can illuminate.

PROBLEM NAME: lightson

INPUT FORMAT:

The first line of input contains integers N and M (1 <= M <= 
20,000).

The next M lines each describe a single light switch with four 
integers x, y, a, b, that a switch in room (x,y) can be used to 
toggle the lights in room (a,b). Multiple switches may exist in any 
room, and multiple switches may toggle the lights of any room.

OUTPUT FORMAT:

A single line giving the maximum number of rooms Bessie can 
illuminate.

SAMPLE INPUT:
 
3 6
1 1 1 2
2 1 2 2
1 1 1 3
2 3 3 1
1 3 1 2
1 3 2 1

SAMPLE OUTPUT:

5

Here, Bessie can use the switch in (1,1) to turn on lights in (1,2) 
and (1,3). She can then walk to (1,3) and turn on the lights in 
(2,1), from which she can turn on the lights in (2,2). The switch 
in (2,3) is inaccessible to her, being in an unlit room. She can 
therefore illuminate at most 5 rooms.