Circular Barn Revisited
=======================

After the last debacle involving Farmer John's circular barn, one 
would think he had learned his lesson about non-traditional 
architecture. However, he thinks he can still make his circular 
barn (from the preceding problem) function properly by allowing 
multiple cows into each room. To recap, the barn consists of a ring 
of n rooms, numbered clockwise from 1..n around the perimeter of 
the barn (3 <= n <= 100). Each room has doors to its two 
neighboring rooms, and also a door opening to the exterior of the 
barn.

Farmer John wants exactly ri cows to end up in room i (1 <= ri <= 
1,000,000). To herd the cows into the barn in an orderly fashion, 
he plans to unlock k exterior doors (1 <= k <= 7), allowing the 
cows to enter through only those doors. Each cow then walks 
clockwise through the rooms until she reaches a suitable 
destination. Farmer John wants to unlock the exterior doors that 
will cause his cows to collectively walk a minimum total amount of 
distance after entering the barn (they can initially line up 
however they like outside the k unlocked doors; this does not 
contribute to the total distance in question). Please determine the 
minimum total distance his cows will need to walk, if he chooses 
the best k such doors to unlock.

PROBLEM NAME: cbarn2

INPUT FORMAT:

The first line of input contains n and k. Each of the remaining n 
lines contain r1..rn.

OUTPUT FORMAT:

Please write out the minimum amount of distance the cows need to 
travel.

SAMPLE INPUT:

6 2
2
5
4
2
6
2

SAMPLE OUTPUT:

14

Farmer John can unlock doors 2 and 5. 11 cows enter at door 2 and 
walk a total distance of 8 to get to rooms 2, 3, and 4. 10 cows 
enter at door 5 and walk a total distance of 6 to get to rooms 5, 6 
and 1.