High Card Low Card
==================

Bessie the cow is a huge fan of card games, which is quite
surprising, given her lack of opposable thumbs. Unfortunately, none
of the other cows in the herd are good opponents. They are so bad, in
fact, that they always play in a completely predictable fashion!
Nonetheless, it can still be a challenge for Bessie to figure out how
to win.

Bessie and her friend Elsie are currently playing a simple card game
where they take a deck of 2N cards, conveniently numbered 1..2N, and
divide them into N cards for Bessie and N cards for Elsie. The two
then play N rounds, where in each round Bessie and Elsie both play a
single card. Initially, the player who plays the highest card earns a
point. However, at one point during the game, Bessie can decide to
switch the rules so that for the rest of the game, the player who
plays the lowest card wins a point. Bessie can choose not to use this
option, leaving the entire game in "high card wins" mode, or she can
even invoke the option right away, making the entire game follow the
"low card wins" rule.

Given that Bessie can predict the order in which Elsie will play her
cards, please determine the maximum number of points Bessie can win.

INPUT FORMAT:

The first line of input contains the value of N (2 <= N <= 50,000).

The next N lines contain the cards that Elsie will play in each of
the successive rounds of the game. Note that it is easy to determine
Bessie's cards from this information.

OUTPUT FORMAT:

Output a single line giving the maximum number of points Bessie can
score.

SAMPLE INPUT:

4
1
8
4
3

SAMPLE OUTPUT:

3

Here, Bessie must have cards 2, 5, and 6, and 7 in her hand, and she
can use these to win at most 3 points. For example, she can defeat
the 1 card and then switch the rules to "low card wins", after which
she can win two more rounds.
