Job Hunt
========

Bessie is running out of money and is searching for jobs. Farmer
John knows this and wants the cows to travel around so he has imposed
a rule that his cows can only make D (1 <= D <= 1,000) dollars in
a city before they must work in another city. Bessie can, however,
return to a city after working elsewhere for a while and again earn
the D dollars maximum in that city. There is no limit on the number
of times Bessie can do this.

Bessie's world comprises P (1 <= P <= 150) one-way paths connecting
C (2 <= C <= 220) cities conveniently numbered 1..C. Bessie is
currently in city S (1 <= S <= C). Path i runs one-way from city
A_i to city B_i (1 <= A_i <= C; 1 <= B_i <= C) and costs nothing
to traverse.

To help Bessie, Farmer John will give her access to his private jet
service. This service features F (1 <= F <= 350) routes, each of
which is a one way flight from one city J_i to a another K_i (1 <=
J_i <= C; 1 <= K_i <= C) and which costs T_i (1 <= T_i <= 50,000)
dollars. Bessie can pay for the tickets from future earnings if she
doesn't have the cash on hand.

Bessie can opt to retire whenever and wherever she wants. Given an
unlimited amount of time, what is the most money that Bessie can
make presuming she can make the full D dollars in each city she can
travel to?  Print -1 if there is no limit to this amount.

PROBLEM NAME: jobhunt

INPUT FORMAT:

* Line 1: Five space-separated integers: D, P, C, F, and S

* Lines 2..P+1: Line i+1 contains two space-separated integers that
        name a one-way path from one city to another: A_i and B_i

* Lines P+2..P+F+1: Line P+i+1 contains three space-separated integers
        that name a one-way jet flight from one city to another and
        the price for that flight: J_i, K_i, and T_i

SAMPLE INPUT:

100 3 5 2 1
1 5
2 3
1 4
5 2 150
2 5 120

INPUT DETAILS:

This world has five cities, three paths and two jet routes. Bessie
starts out in city 1, and she can only make 100 dollars in each
city before moving on.

OUTPUT FORMAT:

* Line 1: A single integer representing the most money she can make
        while following the law.

SAMPLE OUTPUT:

250

OUTPUT DETAILS:

Bessie can travel from city 1 to city 5 to city 2 to city 3, and
make a total of 4*100 - 150 = 250 dollars.