Fenced In
=========

Farmer John has realized that many of his cows are strangely
agoraphobic (being fearful of large open spaces). To try and make
them less afraid of grazing, he partitions his large field into a
number of smaller regions by building vertical (north-south) and
horizontal (east-west) fences.

The large field is a rectangle with corner points at (0,0) and (A,B).
FJ builds n vertical fences (0 <= n <= 25,000) at distinct locations
a1..an (0 < ai < A); each fence runs from (ai,0) to (ai,B). He also
builds m horizontal fences (0 <= m <= 25,000) at locations b1..bm (0
< bi < B); each such fence runs from (0,bi) to (A,bi). Each vertical
fence crosses through each horizontal fence, subdividing the large
field into a total of (n+1)(m+1) regions.

Unfortunately, FJ completely forgot to build gates into his fences,
making it impossible for cows to leave their enclosing region and
travel around the entire field! He wants to remedy this situation by
removing pieces of some of his fences to allow cows to travel between
adjacent regions. He wants to select certain pairs of adjacent
regions and remove the entire length of fence separating them;
afterwards, he wants cows to be able to wander through these openings
so they can travel anywhere in his larger field.

For example, FJ might take a fence pattern looking like this:

+---+--+
|   |  |
+---+--+
|   |  |
|   |  |
+---+--+

and open it up like so:

+---+--+
|      |
+---+  +
|      |
|      |
+---+--+

Please help FJ determine the minimum total length of fencing he must
remove to accomplish his goal.

PROBLEM NAME: fencedin

INPUT FORMAT:

The first line of input contains A, B, n, and m (1 <= A,B <=
1,000,000,000). The next n lines contain a1..an, and the next m lines
after that contain b1..bm.

OUTPUT FORMAT:

Please write the minimum length of fencing FJ must remove. Note that
this might be too large to fit into a standard 32-bit integer, so you
may need to use 64-bit integer types (e.g., "long long" in C/C++).

SAMPLE INPUT:

15 15 5 2
2
5
10
6
4
11
3

SAMPLE OUTPUT:

44
